link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/nhamilton1/pen/oNWbppz?editors=1100






    1. What is Semantic HTML?
        HTML that gives meaning or context to our code.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to give a web page structure and content.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes give addition information about the element. You put it after the element. Example: href in <a href = “”> </a>

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used to exmaple what is on the page, as a whole and its important for google search functions. Should only be used once.  

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img src and href?

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <!DOCTYPE html>

    7. What is an id? 
        gives a unique id for an element

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
         you can add id elements to any attribute

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once

    10. What is a class? 
        used to specify a class for an element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        can be used on any html element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        multiple times

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target = "_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        used to describe and helps if the img breaks

    15. How do I reference an id?
        #id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a section would keep the content grouped. as for a div, it will break the line.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to bring style to the web page

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Class - Can be used with multiple elements. example: use it if you have multiple elements you want to consistently style
        ID - IDs are unique, each element can only have one. example: Use it if the element appears on the page only once

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Wasn't sure on this one. Is this when you have want to select elements with a specific parent?
        Maybe it would be useful if you want to select all p elements that are children to a div. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a:link {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        used to define a special state of an element, like changing a link when the site has already been visited

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: ;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: ;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase;
        text-transform: lowercase;
        text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {
            border-style: dotted black
            border-color: red;
        }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* commit goes here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        git rm    then specify the file. it will permanently delete. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version control allows you to keep track of your work and see what changes have been made and/or all changes that have been made by others. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        anytime you make a change

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        .git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        step 1: fork, make sure its your name now
        step 2: clone from the github page using the https option
        step 3:open git bash
        step 4: cd to the directory where you want to put the clone
        step 5: git clone <link>
        step 6: make sure to cd to the new file location
        step 7: git checkout -b "firstname-lastname"
        step 8: git add . to add the repo changes and 
        step 9: git commit -m "to add your commit message explaining what changes were added"
        step 10: git push -u origin firstname-lastname (only need to do -u orgin firstname-lastname on the first time you are making branch )
            step 10a: from now on you only need to do git push
        step 11: submit a pull request on github

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        inline elements does not start on a new line, while block elements start on new line

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        first, position specifies where the element will be put. when it is position: absolute; 
        it is positioned nearest closest ancestor and it is also taken out of flow, making it as if other elements are position as if they dont exist.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        Maybe use flexboxes? display: flex; I am not quite sure

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        3 elements that are display block: <div><h1-h6><header>
        2 elements that are display inline: <span> and <a> 
        1 element that is display inline-block: im not sure

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
        The box model is what surrounds around every html element. It has, starting from the outside of the box, margin, border, padding, and the content that is inside.
        So think of each of those as a box surrendering the other with margin being the biggest box and the content be on the inside of it all. I am not quite sure about 
        the second part of the question. But when you say width: 100px; for exmaple, it adjusts the content portion of the box model.